Ah, I paid a fortune for the news.
Isn't it a test to nurture the stock market to decide the outcome?
How come?
Nope.
Ah, what can we do?
The following obligations officially begin
Oh, no, no, no.
Shu Dequan is naturally not my opponent when he is old
Silver after this rain
I still have time to find someone to run it
Sun Shao
Are you offended?
Why not Brother Shu?
break up
What do you mean work?
How much do you pay for summer vacation?
I'll give you twice as much.
Hahaha
Sun Shao
Do you think Zhan Hu is just a person who recognizes money?
War is my doorman
I'll give you three times the price
Sun Shao
I wanted to be merciful
But you humiliate me over and over again.
Then don't blame me for being rude.
Let's go, there's nothing to see
Take you to eat delicious food